QTrobot - Expressive Humanoid Social Robot

QTrobot is an expressive social robot designed to support a variety of use-cases including education of children
with autism and other special needs education and human-robot interaction research and teaching. There are
3 main products of QTrobot: “QTrobot for Home”, “QTrobot for School “and “QTrobot for Research”. Please refer
to the luxai.com website for updated prices of each product and variant.

1. QTrobot For Research
QTrobot for Research is a powerful platform for Human-AI research and teaching used by top research
institutes around the world for STEM education, elderly care, healthy ageing and much more! Bellow is some
general information about QTrobot for Research product. For more information, please visit “QTrobot for
Research Labs” page on “luxai.com” website. Technical documentation covering the different ways of
programming QTrobot, SDK and various of coding tutorials can be found on “docs.luxai.com”.
1. Amazing use cases of QTrobot research community :
• Supporting students with learning disability though socially assistive robot
• Music therapy in elderly care houses
• Supporting meaning in later life using social robot companion
• Improving computational thinking and problem solving in students
• Robot storyteller eliciting empathy in social interaction
• Facilitating hand writing in children with dysgraphia
2. Different ways of programing QTrobot:
QTrobot can be programmed in two ways:
1. Coding by using its comprehensive SDK for ROS, Python, C++, etc.
2. Visual Scripting using its graphical studio for less technical users.
1. Programing QTrobot using SDK:
Attach your LCD, keyboard and mouth to the QTrobot and you have a standard Ubuntu desktop that you can
check your emails while programming the QTrobot using its powerful ROS api with Python, C++ or JavaScript.
Embrace innovation as an integral part of your daily routine, where endless possibilities await you through
popular machine learning frameworks like TensorFlow and PyTorch, readily available at your service.
2. Programing QTrobot using Graphical Studio:
In addition to its ROS SDK, QTrobot’s simple and easy-to-understand block-based studio empowers nontechnical researchers to easily create advanced interactive applications. Even as a technical user, you will find
the QTrobot studio handy to quickly prototype engaging applications for your research experiment. QTrobot
blocks support communicating with ROS, facilitating an interdisciplinary research that brings technical and
health-education experts together.

3. QTrobot For research’s variants:
• QTrobot I5:
o Computing board: Intel NUC I5
o Memory and storage: 8 GB RAM + 128GB SSD
• QTrobot I7:
o Computing board: Intel NUC i7
o Memory and storage: 32 GB RAM + 512GB SSD
• QTrobot AI-at-Edge (most advanced version):
o Computing board: Nvidia Jetson AGX Orin
o Memory and storage: 64 GB RAM + 2TB NVMe

2. QTrobot For School
QTrobot for Schools is an easy-to-use assistive tool for increasing children’s engagement. QTrobot provides
efficient progress monitoring through its automated session reporting and insights dashboard. For more
information, please visit “QTrobot for Schools & Therapy Centers” page on “luxai.com” website.
3. QTrobot For Home
QTrobot for Home supports parents to practice daily life skills with their children at home by offering hundreds
of professionally designed educational modules on cognitive, language, social, and emotional skills. For more
information, please visit “QTrobot for Families” page on “luxai.com” website.